docs: add documentation on how to use assets_mode (#2318)
nelmio/NelmioApiDocBundle: docs/customization.rst

    {% endblock javascripts %}

You can have a look at the `original template <https://github.com/nelmio/NelmioApiDocBundle/blob/master/Resources/views/SwaggerUi/index.html.twig>`_, in ``/Resources/views/SwaggerUi/index.html.twig``, to see which blocks can be overridden.

Assets Loading Options
-----------------------

The `html_config` settings allow you to configure how assets are loaded for the UI. The `assets_mode` option supports three values: `cdn`, `bundle`, and `offline`.

   .. code-block:: yaml

       nelmio_api_doc:
           html_config:
               assets_mode: 'cdn' # Other values: 'bundle', 'offline'

`assets_mode`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The three values are listed in `AssetsMode <https://github.com/nelmio/NelmioApiDocBundle/blob/master/src/Render/Html/AssetsMode.php>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The three values possible values can be found in `AssetsMode.php <https://github.com/nelmio/NelmioApiDocBundle/blob/master/src/Render/Html/AssetsMode.php>`_
```

> - **cdn**: Loads JS and CSS assets from an online CDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **cdn**: Loads assets from `jsDelivr <https://www.jsdelivr.com/>`_.
```
